# IOTA Experience Teams - X-Team Streams reactivation session    

27.10.2021 Discord Experience voice channel

### Participants:
- Chris [Zignar tech] - initiative champion
- DrMader
- Dr.Muon
- Stefano De la Vale
- Pablo [Zignar tech]
- Mr.Lemonade
- Nico [Learning Nodes]
- GmanIoTangle
- rck
- Linus
- Adamski
- Die_Putze8583
- Arnau Orriols [IF]
- Dyrell Chapman [IF]
- Brord [IF]
- Antonio [IF]
- Holger/Phylo [IF]

## 1. Welcome and introduction to the Experience Teams initiative

- Holger [IF] gave a short welcome and introduction in how X-Teams work and what the vision and values of the initiative are.

## 2. Presentation Zignar Tech 
- Chris from Zignar Tech gave an excellent presentation and live demonstration of the Zignar-Tech **precision agriculture framework** based on Streams. He showed the application live deployed, demonstrated live publishing and fetching of data streams from their POC in Alberta, Canada and gave a great introduction to how they have developed their Streams API and how it works together with MQTT. They built their application upon the works done by Io2Tangle, and one of their main achievement was the ability to make asynchronous calls with this API now.
- **The API is open-sourced and can be found here:**
    - [Discord Streams X-Team](https://discord.com/channels/397872799483428865/702466905264488468/902909744082190427)
    - The Repo can be found here https://github.com/Zignar-Technologies/Streams-mqtt-gateway
    
## 3. Q&A and open discussion with the Iota Foundation members
- The team has answered several members' questions regarding usage of Streams, requests for future features of Streams, especially in combination with IOTA Identity, and the usage of Streams in hardware with "C-bindings" have been discussed.
    - The IF team would like to receive feedback from the members and request features that should be implemented in the first production version of the Streams framework.  This approach did find a very positive response, and the members would like to have a dedicated workspace where they can collect feature requests or discuss issues. 
    - Also, documentation improvement could be brought up there first and then converted to Github issues, etc. This could be done in a Notion board or as Github issues, but a first-place outside of Github to brainstorm ideas seems preferred. Holger will check if a Notion Team space can be set up for the X-Team and the IF members.

## 4. Follow up and further actions
- Bi-weekly meetings of the team are scheduled now for every second Wednesday 12 am UTC
    - next meeting is on **Wednesday, November 10th, 12 am - 1 pm UTC**. See here for your time zone: https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/converter.html?iso=20211110T130000&p1=179&p2=31&p3=131&p4=tz_myt&p5=133&p6=55&p7=240&p8=761&p9=51
- The Team will start to think about some feature requests and issues to solve
